\documentclass{article} \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc} 
\usepackage{graphicx} \title{PS6} \author{christopher.p.danko-1 } 
\date{February 2020} \begin{document} \maketitle \section{Cleaning Data} 
To clean and transform the data, I dropped all values from the six 
columns I wanted to use in my analysis.\\ \\ The transforms I made were 
differences between the team and the opposing team's season offensive 
rating, defensive rating, and pace rating. Since I got the dataset from 
someone who had used it to create a model already, the data was fairly 
clean.\\ \\ \section{Graphics} \begin{figure}[htp]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=4cm]{PS6a_Danko.png}
    \caption{A simple scatterplot with a line of best fit for target 
score on offensive rating} \end{figure} This figure shows that there is 
a positive relationship between the difference in scores at the end of 
the game and the offensive rating of a team for a season. This is useful 
for identifying which factors influence winning-ness. 
\begin{figure}[htp]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=4cm]{PS6b_Danko.png}
    \caption{A heatmap scatterplot where the colors demonstrate the 
magnitude in difference of score, with difference in season offensive 
rating on the x-axis and difference in season defensive rating on the 
y-axis} \end{figure} This figure is valuable because it shows the 
negative relationship between defensive rating and offensive rating, and 
that the trend in score difference is mostly driven by offensive rating 
\begin{figure}[htp]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=4cm]{PS6c_Danko.png}
    \caption{A heatmap scatterplot where the colors demonstrate the 
magnitude in difference of score, with season offensive rating 
difference on the x-axis and season pace difference on the y-axis}
    
This figure is valuable because it demonstrates there is little to no 
correlation between pace and offensive rating. It continues to show that 
the difference in score is highly driven by offensive rating. 
\end{figure}
\end{document}
